The Launch Quest License (LQL 1.0)

Copyright Â© 2024 Launch Quest Ltd. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any individual developer or
small business owner obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to use, study, modify, and incorporate
the Software into their own projects, subject to the following conditions:

1. The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

2. Individual developers and small business owners are permitted to use the
Software for commercial purposes, provided that they notify Launch Quest Ltd
via email at hello@launchquest.co about their usage.

3. Organizations, companies, or groups of individuals must seek prior written
consent from Launch Quest Ltd before using the Software for any commercial
purposes, including but not limited to, offering paid services or incorporating
the Software into a product for sale.

4. Any modifications made to the Software must be clearly indicated and
attributed to the original source.

5. Derivative software built using the Software must also comply with the terms
and conditions of this license.

6. Users of this Software agree to pay it forward by helping and supporting
others on their entrepreneurial journey, sharing knowledge, resources, and
encouragement whenever possible.

7. Users of this Software agree to enjoy the journey, focusing not solely on
outcomes but appreciating the incredible opportunity to create and innovate in
this vast universe. Remember that our time on this little space rock is
fleeting, and the ability to develop machines and programs is an amazing gift.
Embrace the challenges, celebrate the victories, and find joy in the act of
creation itself.

8. The Software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express or
implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement. In no event shall the
authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages, or other l
iability, whether in an action of contract, tort, or otherwise, arising from,
out of, or in connection with the Software or the use or other dealings in
the Software.

For any use cases not covered by this license or for further clarification,
please contact Launch Quest Ltd for additional information and licensing
options. Remember, the journey is the reward, so make the most of it!
